fix(one-component-per-file): Ignore members imported from elsewhere (#3063)
vuejs/eslint-plugin-vue: .changeset/whole-readers-film.md

---
'eslint-plugin-vue': patch
---

> Ignore members imported from elsewhere in `vue/one-component-per-file`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ignore functions not imported from Vue in `vue/one-component-per-file`
```
